feat: add fleet doc (#867)
harvester/docs: docs/troubleshooting/installation.md

    Message:
JobName: helm-install-rke2-ingress-nginx

Namespace: kube-system
Name: rke2-metrics-server
Status:
  - Type: JobCreated
    Status: True
    Reason: Job created
    Message: Applying HelmChart using Job kube-system/helm-install-rke2-metrics-server
  - Type: Failed
    Status: False
    Reason:
    Message:
JobName: helm-install-rke2-metrics-server

Namespace: kube-system
Name: rke2-multus
Status:
  - Type: JobCreated
    Status: True
    Reason: Job created
    Message: Applying HelmChart using Job kube-system/helm-install-rke2-multus
  - Type: Failed
    Status: False
    Reason:
    Message:
JobName: helm-install-rke2-multus

Namespace: kube-system
Name: rke2-runtimeclasses
Status:
  - Type: JobCreated
    Status: True
    Reason: Job created
    Message: Applying HelmChart using Job kube-system/helm-install-rke2-runtimeclasses
  - Type: Failed
    Status: False
    Reason:
    Message:
JobName: helm-install-rke2-runtimeclasses
```

If a job is failed, you can check the `Failed` condition reason and message for more details. If you want to rerun the job, you can remove the `Status` in `HelmChart` and the controller will deploy a new job.

### ManagedChart CRD

> For `ManagedChart` items, Rancher relies on [Fleet](https://fleet.rancher.io/) in install charts on target clusters. There is only one target cluster (`fleet-local/local`) in Harvester. Based on the `cluster.fleet.cattle.io`, the Fleet deploys an agent on the target clusters via `helm install`, so you can find `fleet-agent-local` chart by `helm list -A`. The `cluster.fleet.cattle.io` contains the agent status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rancher uses [Fleet](https://fleet.rancher.io/) to install charts on target clusters. Harvester has only one target cluster (`fleet-local/local`).

Fleet deploys an agent on each target cluster via `helm install`, so you can find the `fleet-agent-local` chart using the `helm list -A` command. The `cluster.fleet.cattle.io` CRD contains the agent's status.
```

      - preference:
          matchExpressions:
          - key: fleet.cattle.io/agent
            operator: In
            values:
            - "true"
        weight: 1
  agentNamespace: cattle-fleet-local-system
  clientID: xd8cgpm2gq5w25qf46r8ml6qxvhsg858g64s5k7wj5h947vs5sxbwd
  kubeConfigSecret: local-kubeconfig
  kubeConfigSecretNamespace: fleet-local
  redeployAgentGeneration: 1
status:
  agent:
    lastSeen: "2025-09-01T07:09:28Z"
    namespace: cattle-fleet-local-system
  agentAffinityHash: f50425c0999a8e18c2d104cdb8cb063762763f232f538b5a7c8bdb61
  agentDeployedGeneration: 1
  agentMigrated: true
  agentNamespaceMigrated: true
  agentTLSMode: system-store
  apiServerCAHash: 158866807fdf372a1f1946bb72d0fbcdd66e0e63c4799f9d4df0e18b
  apiServerURL: https://10.53.0.1:443
  cattleNamespaceMigrated: true
  conditions:
  - lastUpdateTime: "2025-08-28T04:43:02Z"
    status: "True"
    type: Processed
  - lastUpdateTime: "2025-08-28T10:08:31Z"
    status: "True"
    type: Imported
  - lastUpdateTime: "2025-08-28T10:08:30Z"
    status: "True"
    type: Reconciled
  - lastUpdateTime: "2025-08-28T10:09:30Z"
    status: "True"
    type: Ready
```

> The Fleet controller doesn't push data to the agent. The agent polls `Bundle` data from the cluster on which the Fleet controller is installed. In Harvester, both the Fleet controller and agent are on the same cluster, so there is no network issue.
> 
> Rancher converts the `ManagedChart` into `Bundle` with an `mcc-` prefix. The Fleet agent watches `Bundle` resources and deploys them to the target cluster. Each deployment status is kept in `BundleDeployment`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rancher converts the `ManagedChart` CRD into a `Bundle` resource with an `mcc-` prefix. The Fleet agent watches for `Bundle` resources and deploys them to the target cluster. The `BundleDeployment` resource contains the deployment status.

The Fleet controller does not push data to the agent. Instead, the agent polls `Bundle` resource data from the cluster on which the Fleet controller is installed. In Harvester, the Fleet controller and agent are on the same cluster, so network issues are not a concern.
```

    Message:
  - Type: Deployed
    Status: True
    Reason:
    Message:
  - Type: Ready
    Status: True
    Reason:
    Message:
  - Type: Monitored
    Status: True
    Reason:
    Message:

Namespace: cluster-fleet-local-local-1a3d67d0a899
Name: mcc-kubeovn-operator-crd
Status:
  - Type: Installed
    Status: True
    Reason:
    Message:
  - Type: Deployed
    Status: True
    Reason:
    Message:
  - Type: Ready
    Status: True
    Reason:
    Message:
  - Type: Monitored
    Status: True
    Reason:
    Message:

Namespace: cluster-fleet-local-local-1a3d67d0a899
Name: mcc-rancher-logging-crd
Status:
  - Type: Installed
    Status: True
    Reason:
    Message:
  - Type: Deployed
    Status: True
    Reason:
    Message:
  - Type: Ready
    Status: True
    Reason:
    Message:
  - Type: Monitored
    Status: True
    Reason:
    Message:

Namespace: cluster-fleet-local-local-1a3d67d0a899
Name: mcc-rancher-monitoring-crd
Status:
  - Type: Installed
    Status: True
    Reason:
    Message:
  - Type: Deployed
    Status: True
    Reason:
    Message:
  - Type: Ready
    Status: True
    Reason:
    Message:
  - Type: Monitored
    Status: True
    Reason:
    Message:
```

> If you change the `harvester-system/harvester` deployment image, the Fleet agent will detect the change and update the corresponding `BundleDeployment` status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you change the `harvester-system/harvester` deployment image, the Fleet agent detects the change and updates the corresponding status in the `BundleDeployment` resource.

Example:
```
